W-18137586 Updating info around credit consumption with Customize Schema (#69)
mulesoft/docs-idp: modules/ROOT/pages/analyzing-documents-with-einstein.adoc

By enabling *Customize Schema* you can define fields and tables to create a structured output for your analyzed documents. This feature also enables an enhanced preview of the fields and tables in the document action builder.
+
If *Customize Schema* is disabled, you can still configure Einstein prompts to analyze the document. See xref:enhancing-data-extraction-with-einstein.adoc[] for instructions.
+
[WARNING]

> If *Customize Schema* is disabled, Einstein credit consumption might increase as every prompt counts as one API call to the LLM.

Reviewer: I think we need to specify the scenario as this may be perceived as you can enable it for published actions. We should state that for new document actions if *Customize Schema* is not enabled your credit consumption will not be optimized and every prompt counts as one API call to the LLM.

Author: Updated in this commit: b5211d7

> If *Customize Schema* is disabled, Einstein credit consumption might increase as every prompt counts as one API call to the LLM.

Author: ```suggestion
When you create a document action without enabling *Customize Schema*, Einstein credit consumption is not optimized and every prompt counts as one API call to the LLM.
```
